README.md, before:

---
title: Anime QA with RAG
emoji: 🚀
colorFrom: blue
colorTo: green
sdk: gradio
sdk_version: 5.38.2
app_file: app.py
pinned: true
short_description: a rag model that answers aot & fmab questions
---
# aot_fmab_ai
Hi everyone this is a Anime QA with Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG).

You can ask any question about the anime attack on titan or fullmetal alchemist brotherhood.

There are three main options: trivia, summary, or fanfiction.

Use trivia to get answers to quick questions about either anime.

Summary for an episode, character summary or the plot summary.

Fanfiction to make any fictional story up.

# What this project does.
This project is a question-answering system for anime fans. 

It uses a RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) approach to provide accurate, context-aware answers from anime content — like character bios, episode summaries, and trivia.

Instead of relying on AI to make things up, it first retrieves relevant facts from your own dataset, then uses Google Gemini to generate helpful responses.

# Some features
Semantic Search — Finds the most relevant content using embeddings.

Generative Answers — Uses Gemini to give rich, natural language replies.

Supports Multiple Modes — Answer trivia, give summaries, or write fan fiction.

Custom Metadata Filtering — Search by anime, type (character/episode), and more.

Fuzzy Matching — Smart matching even if you mistype names or titles.

Commit message:

adjusted commit of AOT & FMAB AI project

README.md, after:

---
title: Anime QA with RAG
colorFrom: blue
colorTo: green
sdk: gradio
sdk_version: 5.38.2
app_file: app.py
pinned: true
short_description: a rag model that answers aot & fmab questions
---
# AOT & FMAB AI

Hi everyone! This is an **Anime QA system** built with **Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)**.

You can ask any question about the anime **Attack on Titan (AOT)** or **Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood (FMAB)**.

There are three main response modes:

- **Trivia** — Get quick factual answers about characters, episodes, or the anime world.  
- **Summary** — Receive summaries of episodes, characters, or overall plot.  
- **Fanfiction** — Generate short fictional stories set in the anime universe.

# What This Project Does

This project is a **question-answering system for anime fans**. It uses a **RAG approach** to provide accurate, context-aware answers based on curated anime content like:

- Character bios  
- Episode summaries  
- Trivia facts  

Instead of relying purely on AI generation, the system first **retrieves relevant facts** from a pre-built dataset and then uses **Google Gemini** to generate natural, informative responses.

## Key Features

- **Semantic Search** — Finds the most relevant content using embeddings.  
- **Generative Answers** — Uses Google Gemini to produce rich, natural language replies.  
- **Multiple Modes** — Supports trivia, summaries, and fanfiction.  
- **Custom Metadata Filtering** — Filter searches by anime, type (character/episode), and more.  
- **Fuzzy Matching** — Corrects typos and handles approximate queries intelligently.  

## Getting Started

1. Populate the database with your JSON anime data (episode summaries, character bios, etc.).  
2. Launch the interactive **Gradio app**.  
3. Choose your mode (trivia, summary, fanfiction) and ask your question.  
4. Get accurate and creative AI responses based on your dataset!  

This project combines **semantic retrieval** and **generative AI** to give fans an interactive, fun, and informative anime experience.
